When allowing access to data via web services, security is important.
We want to limit who can view or even update data.
Only trusted individuals should have access.
So how does web service security work?
Let's use a cell phone as an example.
In order to open your cell phone to call your friend,
you have to unlock your phone by entering a pass code.
The past code is like the key or the token used to secure a web service.
Let's say your friend will not answer calls from random numbers,
and she only answers your call because she knows it's you.
You are able to call her because you had the key or token to unlock your phone.
Web services that are secure behave in a similar manner.
If an unsecured request is made to a web service to retrieve data.
If that requests lacks the proper key or API token that request is rejected.